[GSoC] Add instruction for project proposal review to GSoC page (#2176)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/gsoc/index.adoc

== Contacts

* We use the link:/sigs/gsoc[GSoC SIG] for communications about GSoC.
Projects may also have their own mailing lists, chats and meetings.
See details on project pages.

> * We use link:https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkinsci-gsoc-all-public[mailing list] for project proposal discussion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We use link:https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkinsci-gsoc-all-public[mailing list] for discussions.
  This is the **recommended** channel for communications
* There is also a [GSoC Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/jenkinsci/gsoc-sig) for real-time communications,
   but it is better to use mailing lists to request technical feedback or to have long discussions
```

each GSoC project has regular meetings during community bonding and coding phases.
See the project pages for the schedule.

=== Project Proposal Review

Instead of using common using link:https://gitter.im/jenkinsci/gsoc-sig[GSoC Gitter channel] for technical deep dive
or project proposal for your project, we suggest using the project specific channel or the mailing list 

> link:https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkinsci-gsoc-all-public[jenkinsci-gsoc-all-public] to ask for questions and reviews.

Reviewer: Better to reference mailing lists referenced as contacts in project ideas

Author: Actually we have already had a `Mailing lists` section, but somehow it's still not effective. I am thinking of copying the content from https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/students/ to make email to mailing list as a requirement for GSoC. WDYT?

Reviewer: works for me

Reviewer 2: Yes, the mailing list I think is the better place, easier to search and easier to follow threads.

Author: sorry for the delay, I have just updated my change. For your review @oleg-nenashev @martinda

Reviewer 3: +1 for the requirement to mail out over the mailing list

Reviewer 2: I would make the mailing list a requirement. It is too hard to keep track of all the chat rooms.
